Feature/booleans (#341)
mipt-npm/kmath: CHANGELOG.md

- Separated benchmarks and examples
- Rewritten EJML module without ejml-simple
- Stability of kmath-ast and kmath-kotilngrad promoted to EXPERIMENTAL.
- ColumnarData returns nullable column

> - Replaced MST.Symbolic by Symbol. Symbol now inherits MST

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MST is made sealed interface
- Replaced MST.Symbolic by Symbol, Symbol now implements MST
```
